ASTA: Previously
on Resident Alien.
(ALL SCREAMING)
ASTA: So what happened to
the real Harry Vanderspeigle?
I don't know.
BEN: Dr. Vanderspeigle.
the new doctor has arrived.
Please call me Dr. Ethan.
ALIEN HARRY:
I'm glad you know about me.
ASTA: Nobody wants to hide
who they really are.
You should stop feeling
guilty about giving away Jay.
She is a survivor.
(MOANS)
ASTA: He will die.
My leg. chop it off.
(GRUNTS)
if Asta wasn't there.
I would be dead.
They took your spaceship. didn't
they? That means they're after you.
It's probably MIB.
Men in Black.
KATE: I invited a friend
over with her husband.
This is Sarah
and Richard Houston.
You can babysit Max
whenever you want.
LISA: Oh. I would love that.
DAVID: You shouldn't have
taken that. (COMPUTER DINGS)
Now the kid's gonna know
we were in his room.
Good. Then when he goes to
warn it. we'll be right on its tail.
Asta! Are you in there?
(SCREAMS)
(BLUEGRASS MUSIC PLAYING)
If you kiss her.
you'll know it
You'll never forget
She's a little
French sweetheart...
ALIEN HARRY:
Everyone has to die.
It is the normal cycle of life for
beings across the entire universe.
Some may live longer
than others.
but every organism comes
into being and then ceases being.
(MUSIC STOPS)
The animals know this.
They live in harmony with the
Earth. as it was meant to be.
Everyone I kill with my device
is going to die anyway.
At least I'm killing them
for a good reason.
It's different for humans.
Humans kill because they know
they're small.
insignificant. weak.
And killing makes them
feel strong.
even if it's just
for a moment.
(SIGHS)
(VIALS CLINKING)
And when humans are smart.
they may even get away
with murder.
(WIND HOWLING)
Of course. no being really
gets away with anything.
(RADIO GLITCHES ON AND OFF)
The universe knows
what you have done.
even if nobody else does.
(WIND CONTINUES HOWLING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
And the universe will restore
balance one way or another.
Humans have a word for this.
They call it "karma."
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
I thought you said
Asta's car was here.
Oh. Calling me a liar?
Well. if the shoe
fits. D'Arce.
Please don't fight.
Look. D'Arce. we're all just
freaking out a little bit.
Like. this is bad.
You damn near
gave me a heart attack
banging on my door like that
at the crack of dawn.
Oh. I'm so sorry
that finding the dead body
of the man I love
locked in a freezer
is so inconvenient for you!
All right? It's a human
life. asshole.
Okay? Harry is dead.
(DOOR OPENS)
What is going on out here?
(MIKE CHUCKLES)
I'm standing here wondering
why I ain't home in bed.
Thank God you're alive.
This is...
No. it's impossible.
She is worse than your dog.
Yeah. well. I didn't have
the heart to wake Cletus up.
He was in REM sleep.
chasing goats.
I'll get her.
Sorry about this. Dr. V.
but. uh. D'Arcy broke
into your cellar last night
and she thinks she saw
a dead you in the freezer.
I told her it was probably
just some meat in there
that looked like you. like
a frozen pig or something.
I am more handsome
than a pig.
Oh. me too.
Yeah. man. I'm probably
somewhere between a pig
and a dolphin.
You know. that dolphin.
that's a fine-ass animal.
(CHUCKLES)
It's nothing but meat.
You moved the body.
MIKE: Sure enough.
And here it is. No. I
meant the dead guy. dipshit.
Obviously. it's not him. but I
saw a dead body down there.
Why was Asta's car outside?
We went to a medical
conference together.
You smell like alcohol.
Okay. come on. D'Arce.
You have to go now.
I'll buy you breakfast.
No.
No! (SCOFFS)
I know what I saw.
Stop trying to gaslight me.
I know I'm not crazy.
The deputy said
it's time to go.
What? No. No.
That's it...
Get your fucking hands off me!
Oh. dear.
MIKE: Ah! Help me. Deputy!
She on me like a spider!
D'ARCY: ...dish it out...
ALIEN HARRY: It's unfortunate I
have to kill everyone and leave here.
The warmth of spring
is just arriving.
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
D'ARCY: OW!
MIKE: Let go
of my damn hair! Aah!
LIV: Let go of his hair.
MIKE: Aah. get your damn...
LIV: D'Arcy. let go of the
chair. (D'ARCY SPITS)
Yes.
D'ARCY: Take that!
MIKE: You spit...
It is quite nice here.
MIKE: Handcuffs. that's What
they're for. They're for cuffing hands.
Come on. Come on.
(D'ARCY GRUNTS)
I give you credit.
Okay.
You fight like a pack
of pit bulls.
Ugh. come on. Hit me.
You know you want to
hit me. Sheriff. Do it!
Please stop struggling!
It's gonna be okay.
I'll drive your car back.
D'ARCY: OW!
Get in the car!
I'm sorry about this. Doctor.
Yes. I'm very upset
at this intrusion.
(HORN HONKS)
D'ARCY: "I'm gonna
read you your rights."
What do I say?
Tell me what I say.
MIKE: That's the problem.
(D'ARCY GRUNTS)
MIKE: Ow. ow. ow.
ow. ow. ow. ow!
Okay. all right. all right.
all right. all right.
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
(LOUD CHOPPING)
(WHISPERING) Pull it up.
I have to see this.
Aye.
(WHISPERING)
There. she's stealing it.
I knew it.
She's a woman in a purple
skirt. man in black.
We have to warn Harry.
Told you he'd lead us
to the alien.
(ENGINE STARTS)
(STEERING WHEEL SQUEAKING)
ASTA: You want to tell me
what happened?
I'm worried about you.
D'ARCY: You're overreacting.
It's not like you've never
bailed me out of jail before.
"Overreacting"? Cool.
I woke up this morning
to a hundred texts
and a voicemail
from you screaming.
"He's dead! He's dead!"
All right. look.
I know what happened.
All right? You and Harry
murdered a guy.
It happens.
but I'm here for you.
We're gonna take my car
to Canada.
From there. I've got an old
ski buddy in Juneau.
There's a safe deposit box.
1.000 bucks to keep us going.
Three passports. So...
That's a lot to process.
Uh. but. no.
I did not kill anyone.
Are you sure?
(SCOFFS)
I'd remember.
Right. Right.
Cool. so the Sheriff
was right. I'm seeing things.
New low.
D'Arcy. what did you do?
I sort of broke into
Harry's house last night.
and I saw a freezer
full of meat.
and I thought
it was a dead body.
(SIGHS) D'Arce. how much
did you have to drink?
Barely anything to drink.
I had a couple edibles and
a pill I found in my couch.
Come on.
Look”.
you're obviously keeping
some big secret from me.
You're my best friend. I would
not keep secrets from you.
You're lying.
No. I'm not.
Yes. you are.
No.
You have a tell. remember?
When you're lying.
you get overly huggy
and touchy.
That's not true.
D'Arce. come on.
Thanks for bailing me out.
I got to go.
D'Arcy.
(MID-TEMPO GUITAR MUSIC)
God.
Runaway. I'm just
A runaway. yeah. yeah
Runaway. I want to...
DAVID: Slow down.
You're too close.
Jesus Christ. it's like
driving with my grandmother.
"Why don't you go out back.
Memaw. and knit me a sweater?"
(METAL CRUNCHING)
(BRAKES SQUEAL)
(SIGHS)
LISA: Great. you distracted
me. now we're losing the little shit.
Oh. my God.
Are you all right?
Watch your
language. please.
And you owe me $100
for the bike.
Um...
Looks fine to me.
I'd be happy
to wait for the police.
Pay the girl. You're the one
who made me run her over.
Let's go.
Now we've lost him.
Pleasure.
(RV DOOR CLOSES)
LISA: Taking so long.
DAVID: It's $100.
(JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING
OVER RADIO)
ALIEN HARRY: My device
is at full power.
With one press of the button.
the timer will begin.
and roughly
90 Earth minutes later.
8 billion humans
will cease to exist.
This is the moment
I fulfill the mission
that will change the course
of the universe forever.
MAN ON RADIO: Are you dreaming of pizza?
Mama Sap's Pizza is now open
in the heart
of downtown Patience.
(GROANS)
ALIEN HARRY: [can't kill everyone
on Earth with an empty stomach.
(OUR TOWN PLAYING)
And you know
The sun's setting fast
And just like they say
Nothing good ever lasts
Well. go on. now
And kiss it goodbye
But hold on to your lover
'Cause your heart's
Bound to die
Go on. now
And say goodbye to our town
To our town
Can't you see the sun
Setting down on our town?
Is Jay working here?
I gave her a part-time job.
Dad. I don't think
that's a good idea.
You're friends with an alien.
and Jay's a bad idea?
Oh. she's coming over.
Get out of here.
JAY: Hey.
Hey. (CHUCKLES)
Um. I see
you have a new job.
Yeah. First day.
Cool.
Look. uh. D'Arcy told me what
happened on the mountain.
Just wanted to make sure
you didn't lose
any fingers or toes
or anything.
Uh. no. Um...
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Got 'em!
Look. I was gonna tell you
that if you ever want to talk about
everything.
anything. I'm here.
You want me to talk
to you about you?
Well.
I was thinking we could...
No.
Sure. Yeah.
You know. I should
get back to work.
Of course.
It was nice to see you.
Hello.
Hello. Miss Twelvetrees.
Help yourself.
I know that you know.
(SCOFFS)
Does she know?
"She" has a name.
And she knows.
She knows a lot.
We have a situation.
MAX: The government
is after him.
They know that I know
who he is.
What? HOW?
Because they're the
government. Don't be so naive.
Excuse me?
I'm sorry.
Sometimes I speak to adults
like they're my peers
because I'm mature
for my age.
I'm working on it.
MAX: I hid a camera
in my room.
and I saw them
search my house.
What? And they went
back to their base.
and now they're driving around
searching for him.
How do you know
where their base is?
We have our ways.
(SIGHS) Where is my phone?
ALIEN HARRY: [learned
from the squirrels
that when you've filled
your stomach.
you should take as much food
as you can to eat later.
With this pizza stack.
I can kill everyone
and still have pizza
to eat for days.
And now. with a belly
that's bursting
like a stuffed garbage bag.
there's nothing stopping me
from completing my mission.
I should test it first.
Okay. you two.
I'll be upstairs on the
treadmill if you need anything.
Sahar. thank you again for
helping Max with his homework.
I don't mind.
I want to be a teacher
when I'm old. like you.
Wow.
I'm not old.
I'm young. okay?
My life is not passing me by.
I'm just living it.
But that's wonderful.
It's just wonderful.
(COMPUTER BEEPING)
This makes no sense.
It says the phone is here.
You're tracking
the wrong phone.
Put it on your mom's.
MAX: It is on my mom's.
SAHAR: It can't be.
I put your mom's phone
right under the RV.
MAX: Look the front door.
I'll get the back.
(WHISPERING) Don't be
afraid. We just need your help.
I'm not giving
your 100 bucks back.
ALIEN HARRY: My device uses
the Earth's own energy
to send a pulse
throughout the world
that will kill every human.
I can also direct it
to a singular point
and get rid of this body.
HARRY: Will it hurt?
(BONES CRACKING)
You again?
You know
you're just stalling.
You're afraid
to kill everyone.
No. I'm not.
My people do not feel fear.
Yes. but you're not
your people anymore. are you?
You've been infected
with humanity.
I don't need to listen
to this.
I was supposed to die
of old age with Isabelle.
I even bought a plot
in Upstate New York
under the most beautiful
maple tree.
We were supposed to be
next to each other forever.
Do you miss her?
I miss a lot of things.
The five senses.
Driving around
with nowhere to go.
Tacos.
But I loved Isabelle.
How do you know?
How do I know
I loved my wife?
What did it feel like?
It feels like life.
Like everything
you've ever felt.
The joy and the fury
held in your heart
and wrapped in hope.
Hope that everything
will be okay.
Love makes you feel
connected to everything.
Make you feel light-headed.
you feel like you're floating.
I love Isabelle too.
You're an asshole.
You don't even know her.
I do.
When she left.
my heart felt
like it was falling.
That's rejection.
That's not love.
Then why do I feel
the other things?
I feel hope.
I feel connected
to everyone.
to everything.
I used to feel those things.
You took it all from me.
I'm sorry.
You didn't just take
Isabelle away from me.
When you killed me. you
took me away from Isabelle.
She needs me.
Stop.
Stop doing that
with your eyes.
When you killed me.
you killed her.
Yes. No.
She cries every day.
No. No. she doesn't.
You broke her heart.
Stop.
(CELL PHONE VIBRATING)
(CELL PHONE CHIMES)
Harry. uh.
where are you?
Please call me when you
get this. I need to talk to you.
Hey. Asta.
How you doing?
Oh. hey. Um...
I need to leave early.
Is that okay?
That's fine. It's slow.
I'll hold down the fort.
Okay. Thank you.
Hey. Asta.
can you help me out?
I need that dead foot.
Really?
Yeah.
I found a boot.
I need to see if it's a match.
There might be
another murder in town.
So you're telling me
eventually
that thing
will look like that one?
Where did you get the boot?
On the shore next to
Dr. Vanderspeigle's house.
So what happened to the real
Harry Vanderspeigle?
I don't know.
D'ARCY: I sort of broke
into Harry's house last night.
and I saw a freezer
fun of meat.
and I thought
it was a dead body.
Another murder is horrible.
but we're gonna get
who did this.
Promise.
Okay?
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS
THROUGH HEADSET)
She has her earphones in.
She can't hear anything.
I could scream louder
than her workout songs.
I can get her down here
in two seconds.
Well. you're not gonna like what
happens to her when you do that.
You need to tell us where
this alien is. you little shits.
Why should we?
Because it's here
to kill us all.
If you think I am afraid to
kill everybody. you are dumb.
I could press this button
at any time.
If you agree with me and I
am right and you are wrong.
then just sit there dead
and don't say anything.
Okay. then.
We agree.
Goodbye. only human
in the room.
(WHIRRING)
(LOUD BUZZ)
(LOUD ZAP)
(GASPS)
ALIEN HARRY:
That's impossible.
The energy doesn't affect
my people.
Was he right?
Am I no longer my people?
But that means
if I set off my device.
it will kill me. too.
Hey.
What are you doing
out here? (CHUCKLES)
Nothing. Just making up nicknames
for everybody who walks by.
Want to have a seat.
Mr. Short Pants?
Cool. guess I'll be throwing
these out when I get home.
(SIGHS)
(CHUCKLES)
This is the same bench
that we sat on
that day we skipped Mrs.
Henderson's science class.
God. you're right.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
That's a long time ago.
Are you okay?
I...
remember being
so happy that day.
That was right before
I left for Stratton.
I remember feeling like
my life was just starting.
Yeah. you've always
been happy like that.
It's what
I love about you.
You know.
it's what everyone loves.
I'm not happy.
You're not?
Are you?
Well. no.
But I was never really
happy to begin with.
so.“ (CHUCKLES)
Yeah. well. I had a chance
at being happy. but...
it just went away. you know?
I hurt my leg.
and that was it.
Hey. (SCOFFS)
You can be happy.
Look. I'm gonna play
the nickname game with you.
and your nickname is Miss
You're Amazing. (CHUCKLES)
All right.
Well. you're
bad at that game.
(CHUCKLES)
But it's true.
I mean. you've accomplished
so much in your life.
Shut up.
I'm not amazing.
I feel like I've done
nothing with my life.
I just wanted to...
I just wanted to matter.
make a difference
to somebody.
Maybe it's all
just bullshit.
No. you matter.
You're smart and funny.
I wish I was like you.
I'm terrified
of pretty much everything.
But sometimes
I look at you.
and you're so fearless.
It makes me feel.
I don't know. less scared.
You know. you make me happy.
Um...
What are you doing?
Sorry.
I'm married. D'Arcy.
Sorry about that.
Yeah.
Oh. my God.
I'm so sorry.
I thought that...
Uh. no. it's okay.
I got to go.
Right. right.
Got to... Got to go.
Shit!
Please. Max.
you have to trust me.
He is going to kill everyone.
Tell us who he is.
He's not going
to kill everyone.
His ship
is a Quimbaya amulet.
Max. he's going
to kill everyone.
He won't.
He'll listen to me!
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
KATE: Why are you
in my house?
Sarah. What is going on?
"Hey. honey."
"Good evening. sweetheart."
"Oh. yeah. day was good.
What's for dinner?
"Divorce? Great."
Locked the door?
That's weird.
SARAH: Okay. let's go.
KATE: Take whatever you want.
Please.
Don't make me use this gun.
BEN: Oh. my God. oh. my God.
Don't hurt the kids.
(LINE DIALING)
Mike. I need your help.
There's people in my house.
My family is in there.
They have a gun.
What? Okay. all right. look.
Do not move.
Don't go inside.
We'll be there
in five minutes. all right?
No. no. no. we don't have
five minutes.
Look. do not go inside.
We're on the way.
Deputy!
Shit.
(KATE SHOUTING)
Shit! Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
(WHISPERING)
Help.
Let me out of here!
If you touch my kid.
I will kill you!
Max. who is that?
Why is he wearing
a white coat. hmm?
Okay. I'll tell you.
KATE: I swear to God!
Get away from my kid!
Okay. he told us who it is.
We got what we need.
Let's go.
KATE: Hold on. Max!
Whoa. we're not doing that.
We're doing whatever
I say we're doing.
(POUNDING ON DOOR)
(SCREAMS)
KATE: Get down.
(GRUNTING)
(SCREAMING)
(SHARING THE NIGHT TOGETHER
PLAYING)
Sharing the night together
Oh-oh. yeah
You guys are like Daredevil
and the Black Widow.
(BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY)
Thank you for
saving my life.
Time to go.
These things don't usually
have a happy ending.
It could've been a lot worse.
MIKE: Yeah. I don't recommend
citizens taking the law
into their own hands.
but that was...
That was some real hero shit
the two of you did in there.
Well. we're
a pretty good team.
Yes. we are.
(CHUCKLES)
MAX: You both have blood.
like. all over your shoes.
I'm never washing them.
Me neither.
(SHARING THE NIGHT TOGETHER
PLAYING)
Sharing the night together
Oh. no.
Oh-oh. yeah
Sharing the night together...
That's a lot of tongue.
You trying to get
all the way in the back?
Y'all nasty. Y'all got
a room right upstairs.
Oh. boy.
How's that article coming?
Need another quote?
Asta's my mother.
Yeah. Sheriff Mike's
my father.
You...
Holy shit.
You're the baby.
I'm not surprised
she didn't tell you.
She's been
keeping it a secret.
Yeah.
Yeah. she has.
I don't know what to do.
She's my mother.
and I don't even know
how to act in front of her.
Not to mention my father.
Oh. Right.
Jimmy.
It's so messed up.
What am I supposed to say
to someone like that?
I mean. I'm gonna see him.
I can't talk to Asta.
I can't talk to my parents.
I probably shouldn't even be
talking to you right now.
but I feel
like I am losing my mind
and I need someone
in this town to talk to...
Hey. hey. hey.
You can totally talk to me.
I can't live here
like this. okay?
I can't do...
You are not running away
from this.
And you are not alone.
I can help you.
Hey.
Can you get free onion rings?
It's part of the plan.
(CHUCKLES)
Yeah. okay.
(DOOR SLAMS) You
killed Harry Vanderspeigle.
No. I didn't.
Do not lie to me.
Okay. I killed him.
but he started it.
Do you have any idea
What you did?
You cannot just murder someone.
That is not how it works here.
Humans kill people
all the time.
Someone killed
Sam Hodges. so...
Yeah. and you saw
what that did to me.
to all of us.
and you did the same thing.
No.
Goodbye. This is done.
We are done.
No. don't say that.
Wait. wait.
What?
It'll be okay.
It's like the song.
"Ooh. child. things
are going to get easier."
"Ooh. child..." Stop.
Don't touch me!
I'm sorry.
You just can't leave me.
Don't tell me
what I can and cannot do.
Wow. you are really getting a
hang of this human-male bullshit.
Don't go. It hurts!
(ALIEN HARRY CRIES)
It's you.
You're the reason
that I feel it.
The joy and the fury
all wrapped up.
You want fury?
Go back to your planet. Harry.
Whoever you are.
whatever you are.
I never want to see you again.
But we are friends. I am
not friends with people...
I mean. not people.
I don't know what you are.
But I know what you're not.
You are not my friend.
(DOOR SLAMS)
I thought you were
my friend. (CRYING)
(SNIFFLING)
I do not like this.
I don't like
this place anymore.
(DEVICE SPEAKING
IN ALIEN LANGUAGE)
(BLUES ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
it's up in the morning
It's on the downs
And the little white clouds
Like gambling lambs
And I am a breathless...
Hey.
And the red-breasted robin
Beats his wings
His throat
It trembles when he sings...
Hi.
So. I. uh...
I guess you're my father.
(CHUCKLES) Yeah.
If you ever touch Asta again.
I'll fucking kill you.
Feel better?
JIMMY: Oh. D'Arcy.
what are you...
D'Arcy. don't! Ugh!
Son of a bitch.
D'Arcy!
Oh! Oh. no. no. no. no. no!
And still your heart...
Oh. no!
Look out!
Out of the way!
(LOUD CRASH)
Oh.
And still your soul...
Yeah. Yeah. I feel better.
Yeah. me too.
(CHUCKLES)
We should go now.
It's okay.
(BOTH GIGGLE)
(KEYPAD BEEPING)
(LINE RINGING)
Miss Twelvetrees?
Hey. it's Max Hawthorne.
I need your help.
Harry's here to kill everyone.
and I think I know
where he's going.
(SOFT WHIRRING)
(DOOR CLOSES)
Excuse me.
Are you the town doctor?
Yes. I am.
Oh. that is a nasty cut.
(STRAINING)
(GRUNTS)
Town doctor.
That kid was right.
He is the prettiest alien
I've ever seen.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Yeah. Just be careful. all right?
We don't know what this
monster's capable of.
Yeah.
(GRUNTING)
(TIRES SQUEALING)
MAN: Move. move. Let's
go. Coming through. Whoa.
What the hell is this?
Come on.
I knew you were real.
Okay.
I got you your alien.
So now I'm officially
done with her.
DAVID: I'm sorry.
This woman is...
an unhinged psychotic.
(CHUCKLES)
I agree completely.
MAN: Close it up!
Wait. Are you
guys Men in Black?
Oh. would you stop it?
They're not called that.
You've watched
too many movies.
And if I wanted them involved.
I would've told my superiors.
And then we wouldn't have
an alien. would we?
Who's we?
This is bigger than anything
you could imagine.
Too bad you won't be here
to see how it all plays out.
Get rid of him.
I told you.
I have different orders.
Okay. um...
(LAUGHTER. INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Kill you later.
(ENGINE STARTS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
See. I don't get it.
I mean. first Sam.
then this roving couple
going around
terrorizing people.
Don't get me wrong.
I like the mayhem.
I like it a lot.
I might like it a little
too much. if that's possible.
It is. It's quite
frightening. actually.
Don't forget the foot
with the matching boot.
But...
can it all really be
just a coincidence?
I don't believe
in coincidence.
Oh. me neither.
So both the boot
and the foot
were found in the same area
right by
Dr. Vanderspeigle's place.
Yeah. you mean the boot.
the foot. and the doorknob.
That thing definitely didn't come
from no houseboat. that's for sure.
Looks like we might have
a new prime suspect.
Let's go visit
Dr. Vanderspeigle
tomorrow morning. see if
he's got anything to add.
What is that?
Oh!
Oh. my God.
Is this a Nespresso?
It's nothing. man. I just
picked that up for the office.
It was on sale.
Yes. yes!
Oh. my God. oh. my God!
You got me
a coffee pod machine.
Oh. what are you doing? I
got that for the whole office.
What are you doing?
Nope.
You got it for me.
And you agree
with my doorknob instincts.
You got decent
doorknob instincts. all right?
But this whole thing
is for everybody.
It ain't just for you.
Nope.
What are you doing?
You got it for me.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
(BRAKES SCREECHING)
(ALARMS BLARING)
You in the vehicle.
Let me see your hands.
(DEVICE SPEAKING
IN ALIEN LANGUAGE)
(LOUD WHOOSH)
(MEN GRUNTING)
ALIEN HARRY: I have
no choice now.
since my device
will destroy me.
I will fly away from here
and drop the device
onto this beautiful planet
to finish the job I started.
(DISTANT HELICOPTER
BLADES WHIRRING)
(LOUD BUZZING)
Whoa.
(VEHICLES APPROACHING)
MAN: Go. go. go!
(MEN SHOUTING)
(DEVICE SPEAKING
IN ALIEN LANGUAGE)
MAN: Double up. double up!
Harry!
(MEN SHOUTING)
(SHIP WHIRRING)
There's more!
Freeze!
Hold it right there.
Oh. no.
I forgot the pizzas.
(TIRES SQUEALING)
ALIEN HARRY: Maybe I can
go back and get them.
I could take the ship and pick
them up on my way to space.
I can't because
of this stupid mission.
(GRUNTING)
I am so hungry.
They look like black ants.
(MEN GRUNTING)
Where is your queen?
MAN: Come on.
(SIGHS)
Get down.
Harry!
(GROANS)
(SHIP WHIRRING)
(O—O—H CHILD PLAYING)
Ooh. child
Things are gonna
Get easier
Ooh. child
Things will get brighter
Ooh. child...
Run. Max! Hide!
Ooh. child
Things will get brighter
Harry...
I know why you're here.
Don't do it.
Please don't do it.
I must.
It's why I came here.
I don't care.
You're not the same.
You've changed
since you came here.
since you killed that man.
I've seen it.
I just saw it now.
You could've left.
but you stayed to help us.
You've changed.
No.
My mission is
to kill everyone.
If you kill everyone.
you kill me.
You are right.
I have changed. but...
There's my friend.
We are friends?
Yes.
We are friends.
So. that means you will come
with me to my planet
and we will kill everyone
on Earth together.
What? No.
I'm staying here.
Then I won't kill everyone.
(SIGHS)
Okay. good.
I will miss you. friend.
I'll miss you. too. friend.
(DEVICE SPEAKS IN
ALIEN LANGUAGE)
I should dispose
of my device.
It will kill everyone on Earth
when it detonates
in 80 seconds.
Oh. my God. Yes. Go.
Go!
(SIGHS)
ALIEN HARRY: Real quick...
I left some pizzas
in my freezer.
You can have them
if you want them.
Thank you.
Go!
(SIGHS)
(SHIP WHIRRING)
ALIEN HARRY: Everyone
has to die eventually.
What matters are the choices
you make while you're alive.
Killing may make humans
feel strong in the moment.
but what We begun
to realize is.
true strength comes
from choosing not to kill.
Maybe being truly human is
about choosing to love instead.
But with that love comes
the pain that I feel inside me.
I need to go home.
Hopefully the further I get
from them. the less I will care.
Finally. I will be
at peace again.
(NERVOUSLY) Hi.
You're taking me home. right?
This is some bullshit!
Ugh.